[2201.10.0] Add release note for xmldata and jsondata features (#9202)
ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website: downloads/swan-lake-release-notes/swan-lake-2201.10.0/RELEASE_NOTE.md

### New features

> #### `data.jsondata` packages

Reviewer: Have to go under Ballerina library updates? Currently under Developer tools updates.

> - Introduced constraint annotation validation support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced constraint validation support.
```

> - Introduced support for union as expected type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced support for parsing JSON with union types as expected types.
```

#### `data.xmldata` packages

> - Introduced constraint validation support.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Introduced validate the output results using `ballerina/constraint` module. wdyt?.
```

Reviewer 2: Im suggesting something bit more descxriptive than the general senetence

Author: @MaryamZi  WDYT?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced constraint validation support, allowing validation of the output against constraints specified in the target type.
```

> - Introduced support for default values in the expected record types.

Reviewer: Let's change to address comments similar to jsondata above.

Author: Updated https://github.com/ballerina-platform/ballerina-dev-website/pull/9202/commits/a3050f3c3ad22f76dcd2d8732cb538ccb3a14100

> - Introduced support for parsing XML with record types containing default values.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced support for parsing XML with record types with default values as the expected type, using the default values where required (i.e., if a value corresponding to the record field is not present in the XML value).
```

> - Introduced support for an option to switch between semantic and syntactic equality of XML elements and attributes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Introduced the option to choose between semantic and syntactic equality of XML elements and attributes.
```

> - Introduced support for parsing XML with record types with default values as the expected type, using the default values where required (i.e., if a value corresponding to the record field is not present in the XML value).

Reviewer: I guess this isn't entirely accurate based on the discussion today, but we can keep as is.
